We are developing a digital medical representative for healthcare professionals, specially doctors, so that they can access information on specific pharma products. This digital representative agent will actually publicly find the available information of the product such as websites and then the agent should be able to capture some scientific questions explaining the mechanism of the drug, how it is differentiated from existing therapies, the administrative queries, for example, reimbursement support programme and the differences for private or public plans. As of now, we have planned to like for standing out from the crowd, we have planned to find specific drug details, how it reacts with our body, reimbursement data which is available publicly or for private insurance.

As a proof, we are trying to make a side panel so that when we show the data from our chatbot, it should also show the proof on the left-hand side or the right-hand side. Similarly, we also want to find out side effect of the product because we know that it should be able to check for any conflicting drugs in case of complex diseases like diabetic heart patient. It should also address specific scientific questions about the mechanism of the drug and thirdly about the reimbursement process.

Some people are also keen like the patients are keen in understanding what the drug actually does. So, why not make a patient side chatbot which will answer in layman language or in easy language non-medical terms what the drug does to their body. So, in this way, we want to help both the doctors and the patient at the same time.
